Yeah, would you mind to let me know you are the PM, you are the TNE or you are engineer?
2 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, you know me, right? I'm the development manager.
3 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
I'm I think I 1st time to meet with you.
4 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, I'm the development manager and Raghu is the architect on the team. He's also managing a small team in India. Yeah Raghu will.
5 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Few details about this, what is the need for this and all those things, and I'll him, ok? Thanks again, so let me share one wiki that.
6 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
We've been discussing. I think Andrew was also involved in the design earlier, the UX part. So let me share this and we'll go through it So this project started as.
7 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Today, we don't have a single comprehensive view of the whole idea behind it is to present data to the user in a way that it's easy to understand. So.
8 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
You need to understand you know what events are causing CPU memory heights, what are the events, basically everything gives all the data to present on a time series graph. What kind of data we have? We'll go through the details in a minute. Overall.
9 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
This was something that we have discussed with call and Jeffrey and then some other folks you and that time and there were a consensus about how the UX is supposed to be.
10 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, so if you look at this one, these are the handscapes we have done and then Jeffrey team and Andrew and others came up the UX design at that time about several months back and that's where we are and I wanted just to go about some of the data that we are going to.
11 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Show on this one on the graph, so basically a single unified graph that shows everything with respect to this CPU memory, the events, what kind of events are there. Yeah, so to add to this like there are a lot of customer issues like when we work with Jarine on Comcast, global.
12 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
All these guys down, right? There's NO way customer know what's happening. So they said we we need to know what is happening in the box. Greg from pointed out if you don't have this, how can I know what's happening with? So that's how we, this idea was.
13 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And then, how we build this is a story behind this, ok? Go ahead. So with that what kind of data that is available is.
14 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Let me go here so the data that we are going to have besides so one is called global data.
15 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
What is the event based specific data? So what does global data has? It has what the route scale, how many routes are sent received along with how many connections have been flat flat at any particular point of time.
16 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
What's the CPU memory usage, how many number of control connection flaps, when I say flaps, it's both control connection flaps as well as how many number of appears basically that's the, the consolidated one which we call as a global.
17 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
That will tell the user what is the current scale of the fabric. Then also we have event based data, whenever an event peer goes down, OMP peering goes down.
18 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Or whenever the control connection goes down, we actually capture data specific to that peer. In this case we have what is the reason for it? How many routes has come from that, how many routes are sent to the peer, how many routes are received from that peer, all those information is saved and also how.
19 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Logs being up in the OMP as well as the control connection. This is the data that we have presenting to the user on a single time series graph described here. And besides that data the Excel sheet.
20 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Yeah. One quick question on the previous slide or. Okay, let me go there yes.
21 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, go ahead.
22 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So this one the event based ones we are enhancing the alarms to send the right? Right now it is not there and we are enhancing the alarms to get this data.
23 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Correct yes. Okay.
24 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
How frequently we are doing it or whenever there is a change in the routes, like how, how is it going to be.
25 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Event based the event we are the 1st the event is whenever the goes down, that's the event.
26 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay, so only we will get this data only when the OMP period is go up and down.
27 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Whenever basically yeah so whenever there's a transition appearing, we are going to collect all this data from timestamp or what time it happened, CC time OMP uptime, route sent received all this information we are capturing and this data will be sent as an event. Today we already have events going to be managed. Those events are going to be enhanced to send additional data here. E.g., the reason route sent route receives, which isn't a.
28 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
We are going to piggyback on the existing events. Okay, and also can we also include that how many page were up on that, the vhps? So we have this data on the summary output, right? So I remember we have to VHP account down.
29 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
But it's.
30 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Dot com right.
31 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, that is part of the global that we have. Periodically the data is sent to that's a new one we have.
32 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And the event based events and we are going to additional information to the events.
33 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Yeah, in that additional information, can we also include the VHP account?
34 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, nine nine will suffice, right? Number nine.
35 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Peering flaps. Okay, so that is what the, the count, ok?
36 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So, so that one number two, right? That is number of labs.
37 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
You're seeing. Yeah. Number two one we already have number.
38 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Of the peer count, ok.
39 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So this one is the one is equivalent to the VHP count on the summary, ok. Correct yes right and we are con going to have the consolidated data and the event based or like, how is it going to be?
40 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, so consolidated as periodically we are sending every 8 min to be managed based.
41 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay ok got it.
42 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, thank you. All of these are going to be plotted on the same time series graph. Yeah, these two are stitched on the time series graph, yeah.
43 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay, so you said every consolidated data is every 8 min?
44 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, currently we are sending every like minutes but that number we can change it depending on all your feedback and other team's feedback.
45 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
That's a configurable, is it?
46 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, but It's we have hard coded the code how long how frequent we are sending it. But anyway I mean if you want to give it, if you want to make the hard coded I think there's too much of confusion. So based on the user perception when you guys when you look at the data like based on that we can adjust that number how frequently want to send. So we do the testing, right? You do the testing.
47 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Thing and you come up with number history this is a good number, then we'll incorporate that number or if there is a need to CLI as said, we can also incorporate that here. So I just want to clarify one thing. When we eventually send data every 8 min or whatever time is, we do collect this data consolidate every 5 s on the and saving the files, so data is every 5 s.
48 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Because that it is shipped to be.
49 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Manage every 8 min or so.
50 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay got it. That was my question. So basically this does not add any extra load on the system. That is the question I'm going to ask. Let's say if vsmart is already overloaded and then when we are pulling the data from the data is always collected, it's only published based on whatever. This is the data collection on vmanage from, correct? Yes, it pulls the data from vsmart, right? Yeah.
51 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
But that every 5 s also we are pulling the data from the vsmart, right?
52 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
No, NO. So every 5 s the data is saved and we smart. Okay, so then.
53 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Right, isn't it to overload already because we are saving the data every 5 s on a vsmart and then 5 s of every 5 s collecting X amount of info. My.
54 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Guessing that every 5 s collection will now collect extra info. Now either the event will trigger sending it to the new part is now when I'm that every 5 s I'm collecting a little bit more info, but in event happens I'm sending a bit more info and Then that would be good if this is confused.
55 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Then let it be let the user decide what they want because you also do not want we managed to also get overwhelmed if you go and make this data collections because we've had an issue with OSPF database churn. Yeah. The data collection was very aggressive increasing the V management and it increased the V managed load and they were seeing crashes.
56 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, that's a good point after even we saw some outage in the recently, right? We we manage alarms causing the outage.
57 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So Srini, for safety barriers are we doing anything here? Like when we have the safety barrier flag on, are we reconfiguring 8 min or we keep that NO change.
58 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
There is NO change there. Safety barrier will be hooked to the AI infra we are building.
59 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Yeah, so safety barrier works only on this part today, correct? Correct, correct. So, you don't see the need for that now? Yeah, do we all do we want to include that info here in the consolidated data? Basically is the barrier did it trigger or not? Yeah, and there is one more the optimization not.
60 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Report report? Report, yeah. Report data, you can give that details, Sirisha.
61 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, give us the feedback what you guys still want.
62 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Because that is also info for us, right? Like, you know, if there is a churn happening and then a report is.
63 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And also, also Jarine got a good point. We also need to add a whether safety bear is enabled or not and also.
64 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So we had that also people will know. Right so that kind of thing, yeah.
65 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
But we don't have any flags say that is enabled or not. That flag you can put as part flag is. Oh, ok.
66 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
No, I think in the current if I remember correctly, we have a before it is enabled from the I think.
67 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
I think what we are trying to say is did it fire if it was enabled? Was empty barrier on because it can be a transient state, right? So having that info with that.
68 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
What what capture the thresholds? Yes. And then populate it.
69 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Yeah, maybe that would be a good idea to capture the thresholds at least. Because if safety barriers is enabled by default then the thresholds will be there, right? So. Yeah.
70 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, we'll do that and I think we need to make a change on the.
71 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So but isn't, isn't that the safety barrier thresholds, Isn't that a static information? It is, but where you are in the threshold is what? Because 1 s away from firing.
72 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So suppose 9aMI hit that barrier, right? Astar then 10:00 A.M. I am not there, I'm good like I'm 20 % CPU. So those kind of things also can capture there so.
73 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So whenever you hit the safety barrier, you put a.or something in the graph saying that, hey, this guy hit the threshold, right? Then customer will get an idea like when he is hitting the thresholds and all that, yeah. And if customers got a threshold, it can be, it can be easily visualized on the graph itself, it's under.
74 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Today, sorry I'm just trying to understand I've not really understood this safety barrier feature very but just quick question, right? Today do we periodically pull for where we are? Like how often do we poll where we are in terms of the safety barrier threshold?
75 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
We don't poll whenever we hit the 80 % CPU on memory, that's where we reach the threshold and we'll back pressure the network so that this will not.
76 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So then it should be basically an event based, right? Not a consolidated one. It should be a.
77 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, it will be coming on 2nd bucket, even based.
78 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay, ok, got it.
79 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Okay, Ming, any.
80 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
So can we have the number of vcpu also? Because it is not easy to figure out like directly if this V smart is four vcpu or eight vcpu.
81 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, it costs some money for you. Okay, we'll explore that we'll discuss offline.
82 "SJC24-2-CHAVEZ" (2024390656)
Okay we'll discuss and incorporate if needed, yeah.
83 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
So this time data or aggregate data sending. Do we, do we have any like button to click on real time data.
84 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, it's all real time, you can go historically back. You can drag the.
85 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Go back and see if you can go back in the time.
86 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And see the sliding kind of a. Okay so you mentioned one more thing, what was that I forgot, you said you want VC.
87 "SJC24-2-CHAVEZ" (2024390656)
Yeah. Remote generation yeah.
88 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
About events.
89 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
And this number of vcpus is what we just did defined that this this is the required number of vcpus for this or like what it is?
90 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
No, that's currently how many.
91 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Or what is the.
92 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Oh, ok. But are we defining anything that, you know, for this feature or for this to work, these many vcpus we need on the memory? Are we defining that limitation?
93 "SJC24-2-CHAVEZ" (2024390656)
No.
94 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
See, do you have any limitation or at least? No, there is NO limitation. I have seen some customers using two vcpu, four gig memory, right? Some using eight vcpu eight gig memory. It depends on the scale and network. If they have 50 ps, they don't need all these eight gig 80, they use two vcpu and four gig memory, right? Right. Because.
95 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And all that so you don't have any restriction. V smart is always flat, there is NO restriction and there are NO knobs to except safety barrier to control and manage the CPU memory. That's it. That's what we are introduced in 1780, yeah. Okay.
96 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
One more question, the, in the vmanage that we see valid state and configuring it state. Now let's say that the currently in configuring it state, now that means it is not participating in the fabric. Now, when it comes out of the configuring it to valid, is there any alarm that we can generate like how would customer know instead of going and looking today we are not seeing on the video.
97 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Manage config to.
98 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
I I I looked into it maybe that I overlooked but I don't see so I thought I'm not sure if it is.
99 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
There is a bug in that we manage.
100 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Okay, so, so the so so so it should be all already there is ok ok I'll I'll.
101 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Statewise we are seeing that we see that state, but we don't see that alarm, basically, right?
102 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Alarms would also be there, right? Like, whenever this part is going to init state, all these things alarms are sent. No, alarm will, you will.
103 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Because your OMP will be up when it is moved to valid state, right?
104 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Correct. I know that you're.
105 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So we are testing offline online scenarios, right?
106 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Right, right.
107 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So, when it from when it moves from offline to online then going to.
108 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
So that alarms will become, will come. From the OMP yes that alarm is coming that that is there part, but there is another state which is part of the the.
109 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
So which is which is that let's let's say that when you are when you are pushing a policy and at that point if if one of your is down so that means that that V smart is now put it in the config in it state, right? Right. So I'm talking about now, now later later when that comes online, so and the.
110 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Policy is already pushed on that V smart. So they it is going to come back from the config unit to the valid state.
111 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Right.
112 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
You know what, I don't.
113 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Like you see.
114 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
You push configuration from pushing the configuration to the edges.
115 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Right.
116 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Want to know whether that's committed and.
117 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
No, NO NO NO NO.
118 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
So this is we manage will push the config in it and valid state to the.
119 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Okay, so about the offline and online whenever there is a when when vsmart connects to the vmanage, control is up. That's when we manage knows that, ok, this guy is coming up. That's when he will send the notification to the orchestrator, ok, move this device from config in it to the valid. So there is NO event or alarm for that and then but I have seen the control event.
120 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Is up. So when the control connection comes up between we manage and be smart, I've seen the event is up. Since the event is up, then in the back end they push the policy that you know the process, right? How we done. Correct, correct. But moving the device from config into the valid is only between the we manage to the V bond.
121 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Okay, we can take it offline and we can I'll discuss with the detail and.
122 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
If anything, just bring it up.
123 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Only 8 min left I need to focus on the US design parts because let me can I can can I share my.
124 "SJC24-2-CHAVEZ" (2024390656)
My screen? Yeah.
125 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, because we actually have some designs from the last release and I want to learn why these parts, which one works, which one's not? Can someone walk me through because I'm actually new.
126 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
It will work, it will not work out of these so there are four different you know screenshots of pictures here. We have decided on I think the 1st one. Andrew can correct me. He was also in a discussion.
127 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
I'm not sure between one and two, one of them we were leaving at that time. I have to go back to and listen to the recording to see which one we decide to.
128 "SJC24-2-CHAVEZ" (2024390656)
Oh it.
129 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, so it looks like we have the designs already and now is the decisions alignment. Is that correct?
130 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Correct, like design is already discussed like two releases back.
131 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Because.
132 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
The resource constru.
133 "SJC24-2-TR7" (1601071616)
Trained and all these things.
134 "Andrew Lee" (4043189248)
U.
135 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Your coding is done most of the things so we have to adjust whatever input we got we adjust the coding and yeah, we had to leave we are leaning to the 1st one but Raghu will confirm like which design we are aligning to, ok?
136 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, I see.
137 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
So we're gonna do pending on the the response. Anything else USD sites needs to work on for this moment, anything else?
138 "SJC24-2-TR7" (1601071616)
Ah.
139 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
That's pretty much it with the UX side. We have to find out which of the designs we wanted to go with. I will, I will get back to you on that one. So we are getting some new input.
140 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
If any changes.
141 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Needed in the UX design, then we'll get back to you.
142 "Andrew Lee" (4043189248)
Okay. Yeah.
143 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Andrew will you like to speak?
144 "Andrew Lee" (4043189248)
No, yeah, because I know I was involved in this at the start, but then Abraham kind of took over for a little bit, so I wasn't, yeah, I wasn't aware of what the final decision was either, so, so it'll be good once we figured that out.
145 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
We also have reviewed this.
146 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
The charts with.
147 "Andrew Lee" (4043189248)
All good?
148 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So PLM PLM and these are reviewed by PLM and they all agreed on even JP was involved. JP is the senior director and mike. All these guys Anku, somy.
149 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
This meeting is being recorded and.
150 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, I see. When will be the CC dates and EC dates for this project?
151 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
CC EC we'll get back to you. I I don't have concrete dates in my, on top of my mind.
152 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, but.
153 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
I'll check with and get back to you, ok. Okay. You see it will be short like in two weeks or something, but I'll confirm the dates and send it out as a meeting minute, yeah.
154 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Yeah, I have one question about this graph you are showing here. So we have seen where like the overall CPU of the is like within limits, but the OMP thread is high causing issues. So in this graph we are showing the overall CPU or the OMP.
155 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And also. Why.
156 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Okay ok and CPU and OMP memory. Okay, that's good, yeah.
157 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, because we have CPU overall CPU memory.
158 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Already? Yeah, yeah. So you can see the difference and.
159 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
I think mostly will.
160 "SJC24-2-VISEU" (2424842752)
Yeah, yeah. Overall CPU doesn't give us good enough clue. This is good.
161 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, so whatever you see on the screen is completely.
162 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
One device level, right? One V smart level, right? Correct.
163 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, so thumb rule is like whenever CPU high, is a chart, whenever memory is higher reboot is a chart, so those are the two things.
164 "SJC24-2-QR229A" (3322387968)
So give me one question. Does showing this itself impose any load on the just pulling trying to pull these stats. It's like doing showcrock when already the router is having a problem.
165 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
We are piggybacking on already the message we are sending. Okay. And, even if it is throwing load on that safety bear will protect us. Okay yeah.
166 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So our events are actually piggybacked onto the existing information. The consolidated global data is pushed by to be managed periodically every 8 min currently, and maybe 5 min I will check how much time it is but so pushing 5 min I don't think that's going to have enormous impact, any impact on the.
167 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So we don't have, we can get collect data while testing and see any impact and then we can fine tune it and do some things, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
168 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Question here because insights, right? We actually have a multiple insights on other sessions, so the naming is not actually it's not specific it's too wide. Can we have a better naming here?
169 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, whatever name you pick will put it. Don't worry, ok.
170 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, should we waiting for PM coming back because when PM coming back on a 17 March the does it will be blocked moving forward or should we wait?
171 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, that name sure but rest of the things pretty much all of what we seen here was agreed upon earlier.
172 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
So, one thing I would I will confirm is which one of those four are five that that was show that is shown here was finalized.
173 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, sounds good. Anything else, last minute, any questions for here?
174 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And you're good, right?
175 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
But overall this is great. Yeah, this is I think this will be useful. I think you've had discussions with the respective escalation folks, right? And hopefully this will help us troubleshoot better. So I I think it's useful. Yes. Yeah. That's it. I mean you were you were saying something else as well when we drafted and then we started the discussion. There were other issues that that you wanted to highlight or.
176 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Discuss as part of the presentation or what?
177 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
No, NO, that just we just wanted to show what we have here, what we discussed today earlier, ok. Okay.
178 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Oh, are you, are you guys from marketing or?
179 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
No, I'm a development manager.
180 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Looks like you're giving certificates so I.
181 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
And more to market.
182 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Approved.
183 "SJC24-2-TR6" (2152498176)
Did it.
184 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Okay, and Raghu is tech lead, senior tech lead in my team and he's also managing some resources in India for automation and all of that, yeah.
185 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Okay, thank you. Thank you so much. I think we're good for now.
186 "SJC24-2-TR30" (1324186112)
Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Yes, bye.
187 "Andrew Lee" (4043189248)
Hey, thanks.
188 "Mingchieh Wang" (796877824)
Thank you, Andrew.